My Quote iS Savage, But You Aint gonna get it.
My life is like Black & White
When Nothing goes Right Go Left.
I am not the same, having seen the moon shine on the other side of the world.
The past is behind, learn from it.The future is ahead, prepare for it.The present is here, live it.
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different.
The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything.
No matter what comes up in my life, I know that This too, will pass
The day you change your heart to beat for christ, is the day your beats will really count...
I'm not here to change the world, i'm here to get away from the world...
We all love black, then why not the dark side of life?..
When someone pushes you around don't get mad, just duck and let the lord punch them around...
When someone pushes you around don't get mad, just remember who owns vengeance...
I want you to look into my eyes just one time...
Don't let laziness creep up on your goals...
There were 200 cats in the adoption center, but you chose one because of its appearance...
Respect work , money will respect you ...
I have been mentioning rehabilitation time without number before you let the addicted out off hand
no one keeps it a secret if s/he is bored or anxious.?..
boredom is caused by taking an overdose of routine.?..
love is like money, people damn both when they are amiss.?..
the worst success is to produce a well designed dysfunctional plan.?..
the unsolved problem is that we don’t want to solve.?..
when we look imaginatively at the future we see places, not times.?..
the best to gift yourself is your tranquility.?..
the cabin of happiness is woven by threads of negligence.?..
an idiot is the person who calls difficulty impossibility.?..
most of apologies do not make change , but abstain.?..
eyes are the ambassadors of the heart.?..
every time lies want to make history , they make a domino effect. ?..
Looks close enough.. feels far enough....
The person who has money is not rich in the world, but the person who has love, feelings, emotions, ..
Up till now i don't believe religion rather than god......
I'm dumb which makes me intelligent knowing i'm dumb...
the less money we earn, the more we talk about money.?..
not all hamlets are danish; not all danish are hamlets.?..
nothing wonderful than to be a tree where there are no trees.?..
imprison me in your attention and never let me be free.?..
nobility isn’t a trustworthy way to nobel prize.?..
psychology is designed to reveal that we are abnormal.?..
treat me as a child but only if you treat children honestly.?..
unlike birds, a flower in its tree is better than ten in hand.?..
from despair i am desperate.?..
there is no must in love.?..
the white list has never been written.?..
the tax of love is paid in worries...
politics is beautiful when nude of hostility. ?..
would you mr. richter measure me my own earthquake.?..
i like thieves steal my heart.?..
Drowned in love with her with no interest in finding a shore.
A secret heart can never be open likewise an open heart can never be secreted it's the law of nature..
One day you'll be my future ex wife...
It feels good crying in your arms...
Why you act surprised when you're doing it too...
When you focus too much on something besides god, he will remind you...
If someone helps you out, always offer them something in return...
Not everyone is fit for a crown...
Some people can see the blessing right in front of them, and they'll ignore it...
Reality is but a dream waiting to be born...
Where can i find me a live woman spinner...
World keeps on dragging.. be d dragon..
If you don't know god and fear him people we present their self as your gods shun them
I am a good at what i do kind of person...
your love is what makes my heart stronger.
your tears are my sadness, your smile is my happiness and your love is in my heart.
i explain, maybe alot! and it somewhere somehow makes me sad thinking that why can't you get what..
i feel people and its nothing new this is life and we are here to learn through trial
I'm sure he's wishing all this was fake news...
anger is caused by passing over fortitude.?..
an ideology rules, and so does a botch.?..
toothache is as distressing as going to a dentist .?..
love isn’t a choice.?..
alcohol looks like a drug, but in fact, it’s a disease.?..
your reputation will live far longer after you die.?..
forgive their big faults though it needs amnesia.?..
if dreams are not only dreams, then life is a bad dream.?..
devils do not call themselves devils.?..
money ceases to be useful when it ceases to be valiant.?..
that who benefits from his ugliness, will never beautify oneself.?..
life is a school for wise people, and a restaurant for the idiots.?..
a half of truth is a complete lie.?..
instead of getting dead , look for rebirth.?..
it is a strange desire to seek the summit, and fear climbing.?..
if a secret goes out it won’t return.?..
nothing real in literature except imagination.?..
Look for a sweet potato because those thin layer andpotato chips look like losers to me...
I want to say that i love you i've never felt like this before, i want to sleep and wake up, 
I want to say that i love you and that you give life to my heart, and i can't escape and i can't stop..
No don't cry for me anymore, look in someone else's arms your illusions look for new road, and yank ..
All the way to the top of heaven, i'm going to steal your love...
Maybe this loneliness will erase you from my mind, and maybe all this love you leave here with me..
Maybe one day i'll be able to take you out of my life forever, and maybe someday i'll sleep without phone ..
Maybe in someone else's arms there's healing...
Be a man keep your word...
irony is: people[like my friends or family] have trust on me, but not on my #words!..
a broken heart understands love far better than the heart that's already been filled with light an..
Life has no excuse!..
Best friends too should be charged heavy alimony on breaking friendships...
there is no such thing as a perfect couple but together we will be a great one.
sometimes faith in others can leave one hopeless~..
fears from our past make it hard to move forward~..
A child in a mother's womb is not an enemy of the the constitution of the united states of america, ..
If i could see you one more time i'd go for the world record longest kiss...
We had the best love ever, missing them passionate kisses...
You said i would regret leaving you some day, today is the day...
You cross my mind still, wonder if i still cross yours...
You know you miss me baby, you can stop acting like you don't cause i know you do!..